[Twig snapping]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- I got a bad feeling, mama.
"You be careful, boy.
Don't get yourself hurt none."
Don't worry
your pretty little head, mama.
Ain't nothing gonna happen
to the finger.
"Don't get cocky.
"You know he's out there.
He's watching you."
Don't nag me, mama!
I ain't no little kid no more!
[Bushes rustling]
[Sighs]
- [Roars]
- ♪ Teenage mutant
ninja turtles ♪
♪ teenage mutant
♪ heroes in a half shell,
turtle power ♪
- ♪ here we go,
it's a lean, green, ninja team ♪
♪ on the scene,
cool teens doing ninja things ♪
♪ so extreme,
out the sewer like laser beams ♪
♪ get rocked with
the shell-shocked pizza kings ♪
♪ can't stop
these radical dudes ♪
♪ the secret of the ooze,
made the chosen few ♪
♪ emerge from the shadows
to make their move ♪
♪ the good guys win,
and the bad guys lose ♪
♪
♪ Leonardo's the leader
in blue ♪
♪ does anything it takes
to get his ninjas through ♪
♪ donatello is the fellow
who has a way with machines ♪
♪ Raphael's got
the most attitude on the team ♪
♪ Michelangelo,
he's one of a kind ♪
♪ and you know just where to
find him when it's party time ♪
♪ master splinter taught 'em
every single skill they need ♪
♪ to be one lean, mean, green,
incredible team ♪
- ♪ teenage mutant
ninja turtles ♪
♪ teenage mutant
♪ heroes in a half shell,
turtle power ♪
- There.
[Music box plays melody]
- Too much?
- Do you really want
my opinion?
- Only if you think
it's perfect.
- It's perfect!
- Wow, that is just super neat.
Thanks so much, Donnie!
[Music box closes]
Well, got to go!
Got some, uh,
training to do...
[Chuckles]
Thanks again, Donnie!
[Door opens, closes]
- I can't even imagine how
you're feeling right now.
- Devastated.
- Aw, man!
I was totally
gonna say "devastated"!
I should've just went for it.
I got to learn to trust
my instincts!
I mean...
That's rough, bro.
- [Groans]
- Smooth move, genius.
It's never gonna happen, Donnie.
We're mutants.
She's a girl.
You're a giant talking turtle.
The sooner you get used to it,
the better.
You know what you need?
Huh?
Huh, buddy?
You know what you need?
- You to leave?
- A little forest
ninja training!
Ha!
Huh? Huh?
Sounds like fun, right?
Right?
- [Whimpers]
- [Grunting]
Aw, you guys are rustier
than the Titanic's butt!
- No, we're--
- you're not in the city
anymore.
You need to get used
to this new environment--
no buildings, no subways.
- Lots of trees.
- Ugh, tell me about it.
- Well, what do you think?
- Hmm...
Turtle hunt.
- Turtle hunt.
Both: Turtle hunt?
- You gonna help out, Leo?
- Yeah, I--
[Groans]
Sorry.
I guess
I'm still not up to it.
Enjoy your little hunt, guys.
- Dude!
- What do you mean
by "turtle hunt"?
- You guys are gonna head
into the forest.
I'll give you
a five-minute head start,
then I hunt you down.
If you can't stay hidden
for at least an hour,
you'll have to...
Clean out the chicken Coop.
- No way!
- Not the chicken Coop, man!
- It smells like
cheese fossils!
- It's got spiders so big,
they play the banjo!
[Banjo music plays]
- We can't clean that thing!
- Then get moving.
[Both yell]
- How do we hide
in the woods, anyway?
There's no doors!
- Hmm.
Ah!
We could climb a tree.
- That's the first place
he's gonna look.
Could we burrow?
Do turtles burrow in the wild?
- I don't know. I've never
been in the wild before.
Have you?
- Does Jersey count?
[Distant roaring]
What the heck was that?
- It's got to be Raph
messing with us!
Right?
- We got to hide, now!
- Aw, we are so cleaning
that Coop.
Raph's gonna find us up here
in, like, five seconds.
- I don't think so.
- Why not?
- [Growling]
- Um...
Hi?
[Both screaming]
- [Roaring]
- What is it?
Some kind of monkey man?
- It looks like
the mythical sasquatch...
Bigfoot!
[Both grunt]
He's too big.
Run!
- [Screaming]
- Come on, you're not
even trying to hide!
Both:
Bigfoot!
- Yeah, right.
If you think you're gonna get
out of cleaning that Coop by--
[all screaming]
Looks like we're gonna get
some real training.
- [Roaring]
- Booyakasha!
[Yelling]
- Bigfoot got some skills.
- Wah!
- [Crying]
- Hey, are you--
- stop!
Guys, he's hurt!
I don't think
he wants to fight us.
I think he's just scared.
- Scared.
- He can talk?
- Look at that sagittal crest.
It could be
a paranthropus robustus,
a hominid long thought extinct!
- [Muffled]
Can't breathe!
- Okay, okay, easy now...
Easy.
I can fix your arm
if you let me.
It's okay.
I want to help.
It's not bad,
but I'd like to take you home
where we can clean it up
and bandage it.
Is that okay?
- Hello?
Anybody?
- No way!
We can't bring a giant ape-man
home with us!
- Of course we can.
Mikey?
- Injured woodland creature?
Bring him home.
- Two to one, Raph.
Sorry.
Hi.
I'm Donnie.
This is Raph,
and this is Mikey.
- I.
- I?
Okay, your name is I?
- I...
No name.
- Of course you have a name.
You're bigfoot!
- Bigfoot!
[Laughs]
Bigfoot.
- Will you come with us?
- [Whimpers]
- It's okay.
You're gonna be safe with us.
- Why would he be scared of us?
- Well, mama...
Been hunting this hairy freak
for years now.
"And now he goes and finds
hisself some more freaks!"
Settle down, mama.
Ain't no little green aliens
gonna save bigfoot
from the finger.
- Hello?
Anybody home?
We got company!
- What?
You can't let anyone in.
- Why is the doorway
full of hair?
- And a giant butt?
Come on, it's okay.
- [Gasps]
- It's bigfoot!
- You brought bigfoot home?
- Why everyone know
bigfoot name?
- Bigfoot, this is Leo,
Casey, and April.
- He's hurt!
I'll get the first-aid kit.
- You can't
just bring home bigfoot!
- [Chuckles awkwardly]
- He needs our help...
Just until his arm gets better.
- Come on, let's get that wound
cleaned up.
- Sure, but when I wanted
to have a dog,
you guys were like like,
"no way."
- You guys don't get it.
Bigfoot is the missing
genetic link
between humans and the ape.
This discovery will change
the face of science itself.
- So it's bigger
than talking turtles?
- [Growls]
- There you go.
Try not to use it too much
for the next few days.
- Mm-hmm.
Bigfoot thank Donnie.
- No problem.
- Bad man after bigfoot.
Name--the finger.
- The finger?
- Very bad mans.
But Donnie good mans.
- Aw, thanks, bigfoot.
- Donnie very good mans...
So good.
Bigfoot...
- Whoa.
- Ah!
- Love Donnie!
- But, but, but--
- bigfoot am lady!
- That...Is...Great?
- That...
Is great!
[Laughter]
- Bigfoot bring meat!
- Where did you--
- good meat.
[Laughs]
Tender, tender.
- [Screams, retches]
- Bigfoot make waste.
- Uh, make waste?
[Foghorn blares]
Aah!
Bigfoot!
Donnie and Mikey need
to learn to blend in out here--
forest stealth.
If you're gonna stay with us,
at least you can help out.
So show them some stuff, okay?
I have to go clean out the tub.
[Breathing deeply through mask]
- Please don't grab
my head again.
- Blend in.
- I can still see him.
- Mama, looks like bigfoot
got him a couple
of little green alien buddies.
The finger is okay with that.
[Weapon clicks]
- Huh?
[Gasps]
[Both screaming]
- What are you--
- ugh, you're squishing me!
- Darn it!
Lost 'em,
but not for long.
- Come on, Leo,
give me your best!
- You'll gain no ground.
- Oh, man,
bigfoot is amaze-balls
with the forest-stealth stuff!
- Bigfoot scared.
- Aw.
- Finger bad!
- Right, fingers are bad.
Hey, Donnie,
want to play the winner?
- Evening, bigfoot.
What are you making?
- Food!
- Aah!
- Donnie!
- Um, you realize...
That meat has fur?
- Mm-hmm.
Hmm?
[Cat screeching]
- [Screaming]
- [Screeching]
[Meows weakly]
- Bigfoot...Need...Help.
- Sure, what bigfoot wa--
I mean, what do you want?
- Makeover.
Huh?
- Okay, and a little
off the top here.
[Humming]
Well?
Uh...
[Laughs]
So what do you think?
- Eat!
- Gah!
Did you...
Wow--whoa.
Uh, yeah, um, uh...
Thank you.
Got to go, bye!
- [Whimpers]
- Ugh.
This is so uncomfortable.
Bigfoot follows me
around everywhere
like a love-struck puppy.
- Now you know how April feels.
- [Whimpers]
[Distant laughter]
- So she's wearing makeup now,
and she keeps
making soup for Donnie.
- Do you think she's his type?
- Maybe after a shave!
[Both laughing]
- [Whimpering]
- Bigfoot, wait!
- [Crying]
- What is wrong with you guys?
- We didn't mean
to hurt her feelings.
- Bigfoot!
Wait up!
- [Crying]
- Mama, your boy's got 'em
right where he wants 'em.
"Iffen you play
your cards right,
maybe you'll get your own
alien-hunting reality show!"
Ooh, just like cousin fatback!
Ohhhhh, doggie!
- [Crying]
[Whimpering]
- How many years
the finger been chasing you?
Well, guess what.
Mama says the chasing's over.
Bigfoot, you gonna make mama
and the finger rich!
"I'm so proud of you,
the finger."
Aw, shucks, mama...
- What the--
huh?
[Thud]
- Puppies...
Too many puppies...
Aah!
- Donnie, I just had the worst
dream about--
- I'm not sympathetic
right now, Mikey.
The finger has been debating
whether to pickle us
or stuff us.
- Ooh, pickle!
Pickles taste so good!
- [Sighs]
- Ain't got no room for
these two on the cart, mama.
Looks like the finger's gonna
have to stuff 'em right here.
- I've got an idea.
Follow my lead.
Hey, finger!
Your mama looks like a raisin!
- "What'd he say about me,
the finger?"
- Uh...
Your mama's so wrinkly,
she looks like
one of those little dogs...
With all the wrinkles.
- A shar-pei?
- Your mama's--
uh, your mama's
a shrunken head!
- Shut up!
"Destroy them."
- Bad move, the finger.
- The finger got skills!
- Wah!
- [Groans]
Ha!
Forest stealth!
- [Growling]
Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah, brother!
Ha!
- [Gasps]
[Classical music]
♪
This is gonna hurt!
[Groans]
- You can't beat the finger!
He's too strong for you!
- Hey, finger!
- How many more explosive bolts
you got in that quiver?
- 42.
[Groaning]
If the finger's going down,
he's taking bigfoot with him!
Bigfoot--
bigfoot's a lady?
The finger can't shoot no lady!
The finger's sorry, mama!
He didn't know!
He would never hurt no lady!
[Crying]
- There, there...
It am be okay.
Huh?
[Heart beating rapidly]
- [Crying]
- Bigfoot take care sad mans.
- [Grunting]
- Hey, April.
- What's up, Donnie?
- I, um...
Well, I just wanted
to let you know
I won't be bothering you
with music boxes anymore.
I get it now.
Donnie is to April
as bigfoot was to Donnie.
I'm just...
A mutant.
- You're not just
a mutant, Donnie.
You're my mutant.
Mwah.
- I understand nothing.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org